unlearn_privacy.md, before:

# Unlearn Privacy Policy

Unlearn is created, developed, maintained, and owned by Karson Odette. This policy is used to inform users of Unlearn and perspective users of Unlearn's policies pertaining to the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information. If you choose to use Unlearn, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. Unlearn will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

## Consensual Data Sharing
Unlearn respects your privacy and provides its users with options on what data is shared. If a user has not opted into one of these, their data will not be shared, except when required by law or a court order. Users may consent to the following Data Sharing situations:

#### Personalized Ads
**What data is shared?**\
We want to collect, share, and store your advertiser id.\
**Why share this data?**\
We want to use this data to serve you with ads that are personalized to you.\
**Who is this data shared with?**\
This data will be shared with AdMob (Google) and its advertisers.

#### Share Userdata for Advertising Purposes
**What data is shared?**\
We want to collect, share, and store your userdata.\
**Why share this data?**\
We want to use this data to build your advertising profile, which will allow for ads that are more personalized to you.\
**Who is this data shared with?**\
This data will be shared with AdMob (Google) and its advertisers.

#### Share App Usage
**What data is shared?**\
We want to collect, share, and store usage data obtained through the use of this app, such as, but not limited to: what screens you viewed, how long you used the app, what interactions you made with the app, and your advertiser id. Advertiser id is the only personal data shared.\
**Why share this data?**\
We want to use this data for analytics purposes.\
**Who is this data shared with?**\
This data will be shared with Firebase Analytics (Google).

#### Share Crash Reports
**What data is shared?**\
We want to collect, share, and store crash reports and other diagnostic data.\
**Why share this data?**\
We want to use this data for quality assurance and diagnostic purposes.\
**Who is this data shared with?**\
This data will be shared with Firebase Crashlytics (Google).

Links to privacy policies of third party service providers used by the Unlearn

*   [Google](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)

## Security
Unlearn values your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Links to Other Sites
Unlearn may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by Unlearn. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. Unlearn has no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

## Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13\. Unlearn does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13\. In the case Unlearn discovers that a child under 13 has provided Unlearn with personal information, Unlearn will immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy
Unlearn may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. Unlearn will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
feedback.karson.kimbrel@gmail.com

Commit message:

Added Consent Record disclosure to Unlearn

unlearn_privacy.md, after:

# Unlearn Privacy Policy

Unlearn is created, developed, maintained, and owned by Karson Odette. This policy is used to inform users of Unlearn and perspective users of Unlearn's policies pertaining to the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information. If you choose to use Unlearn, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. Unlearn will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

## Required Data Sharing

#### Consent Record
**What data is shared?**\
We must collect, share, and store your advertiser id, a log of what privacy consents you consent and do not consent to. This log will contain a timestamp of when you consented, or rejected consent, where/how this consent was accepted/rejected, and the version code for the current version of the app that you are using.\
**Why must you share this data?**\
It is required by the GDPR to do so for all users that are EU citizens, however we do not make a distinction of who is or is not an EU citizen to keep things simple.\
**Who is this data shared with?**\
This data will be shared with Firebase Firestore (Google).

## Consensual Data Sharing
Unlearn respects your privacy and provides its users with options on what data is shared. If a user has not opted into one of these, their data will not be shared, except when required by law or a court order. Users may consent to the following Data Sharing situations:

#### Personalized Ads
**What data is shared?**\
We want to collect, share, and store your advertiser id.\
**Why share this data?**\
We want to use this data to serve you with ads that are personalized to you.\
**Who is this data shared with?**\
This data will be shared with AdMob (Google) and its advertisers.

#### Share Userdata for Advertising Purposes
**What data is shared?**\
We want to collect, share, and store your userdata.\
**Why share this data?**\
We want to use this data to build your advertising profile, which will allow for ads that are more personalized to you.\
**Who is this data shared with?**\
This data will be shared with AdMob (Google) and its advertisers.

#### Share App Usage
**What data is shared?**\
We want to collect, share, and store usage data obtained through the use of this app, such as, but not limited to: what screens you viewed, how long you used the app, what interactions you made with the app, and your advertiser id. Advertiser id is the only personal data shared.\
**Why share this data?**\
We want to use this data for analytics purposes.\
**Who is this data shared with?**\
This data will be shared with Firebase Analytics (Google).

#### Share Crash Reports
**What data is shared?**\
We want to collect, share, and store crash reports and other diagnostic data.\
**Why share this data?**\
We want to use this data for quality assurance and diagnostic purposes.\
**Who is this data shared with?**\
This data will be shared with Firebase Crashlytics (Google).

Links to privacy policies of third party service providers used by the Unlearn

*   [Google](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)

## Security
Unlearn values your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Links to Other Sites
Unlearn may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by Unlearn. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. Unlearn has no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

## Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13\. Unlearn does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13\. In the case Unlearn discovers that a child under 13 has provided Unlearn with personal information, Unlearn will immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy
Unlearn may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. Unlearn will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
feedback.karson.kimbrel@gmail.com
